After all, it's a waste of looking up to you
This ladder
But that crap can climb
Well, this flower is not fake
When did you come up?
Just when Li Shao was about to be unable to hold on
I'm going to laugh, I'm going to the top today
Then I can be arrogant at the top
With this young talent
It's such a shame to climb a blow
How dare you hum
I don't seem to hear what you said.
Why don't you say it again?
OK
Then I will wait for Li Shao's words at the summit
Since you're so eager to die
I will fulfill you
Fifth Senior Brother
This son has surpassed your disciple
Became third
Brother Xu
Do you think this kid will make it to the Shabbin Terrace?
It seems that Senior Brother Xu also feels that this son has gone through a thousand experiences
OK
This child may be able to surpass Zhang Wuyou